Who’s gonna take me to watch the new Mario movie? 
‘The Super Mario Bros Movie’ Gets 2 Official ‘Peaches’ Music Videos Starring Jack Black And Bowser
A couple of years now. Heck, we have a TETRIS movie coming out, of all things.

It's going to be at least 5 years before we can really say what kind of influence the Mario movie really had on the landscape of video game adaptations. Hopefully an overall positive one, but knowing-
To see more Nintendo movies specifically, they've already said that was the plan if Mario was successful, but I don't think the Mario movie being a mega hit is going to have that big an immediate influence when the rush to make more video game movies has already been ongoing for-
THAT BOTHERS ME SOMUCH
we need a super paper mario movie so the general public can understand the pain I felt playing that game at age 10
Listen to the Peaches song from the Mario movie while at work and try not to crack a smile or laugh. It’s hard 
i am desperate to know how many machine hours it would've taken a Nintendo 64 to render the entirety of the new mario movie
Lyrical Lemonade put out a song called Peaches for the new Mario movie that Jack Black performed. And anyone watching it and going "That kid was the #1 cool kid" and not "That kid was the class clown" is delusional.
Does The Super Mario Bros Movie have any credit scenes? https://trib.al/WOlDqCF
Jack Black was my childhood crush for years and the Mario movie brought it back full force 

If anyone points out the fact that my husband looks like Jack Black, mind your business
No reason to call it "unreasonable" honestly! I watched it and what a blast it was. Given the mario universe as we know it, that movie did what the old Mario Bros. movie could not. I was happy all the way through.
I never said Nintendo doesn't do that already lol I was just making an example closer to frontiers
Does The Super Mario Bros Movie have any credit scenes?
Does The Super Mario Bros Movie have any credit scenes?
half of me wants to rewatch the mario movie again lol. i enjoyed watching it a lot
#SuperMarioBrosMovie figures from McDonald’s. Shame they aren’t available in Happy Meals now that the movie has been released.
gm look at Bowser twirling his head furiously bY THE SOUND OF ROCK N ROLL
The only thing getting me through this day is the Mario Movie / BDUBZ dinner date I’ve got planned with the homies
Illumination and Nintendo literally waited until after the Mario Movie was out in theatres before they finally revealed who Spike was and I still have no idea who tf he is
mario movie every 2.6 seconds:
All the merch you need to power up for ‘The Super Mario Bros. Movie’
They could've took the easy route and hate on the commercial, but they didn't.

Another reason why Mario and Luigi's relationship is the biggest highlight of the movie!
People are weird if they get genuinely angry over this.

Like, the joke of them loving the commercial despite it being awful is not only a cute joke but a relatable one!

We all made our first big project that wasn't the best, but we remain proud of it regardless.
Appreantly my dad and his gf saw Sebastian live and throughout the film he kept saying "he sounds familiar"
the way that if it weren’t for jack black giving every single ounce of energy into playing bowser the mario movie would of been torn to shreds by the public
'Super Mario Bros.' review: Lousy Nintendo movie goes down the drain https://nypost.com/2023/04/05/super-mario-bros-review-nintendo-movie-goes-down-the-drain/?utm_source=twitter_sitebuttons&utm_medium=site%20buttons&utm_campaign=site%20buttons… via @nypost just another reviewer that know nothing about real audience's. Oooh it terrible, moron.
Friday, April 14th through Sunday, April 16th

SCREEN 1
The Super Mario Bros. Movie (PG)
Puss in Boots: The Last Wish (PG)

SCREEN 2
The Pope's Exorcist (R)
65 (PG-13)

SCREEN 3
Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves (PG-13)
Champions (PG-13)

Box Office Opens: 7:30pm
or like when princess peach got the ice powerup in the mario movie
Oh hell no, bro, I think I downloaded the wrong Super Mario Bros movie
Love the movie just pulling out random ass Mario characters just because they could.
Mario movie tonight for sure. And I’ll gladly fight any kids that disturbs the movie.   It’ll be on sight 
Finally watching the Mario movie tonight 
Movie date to see Mario on Friday 
Say what you will about the Mario movie casting, but this one is literally perfect
I damn near wanna watch the Mario movie again
Can we not just enjoy a Movie without having to watch 17 hours of other movies not directly connected to it? 

I didnt have to play/watch anything to understand the Mario movie, and I shouldnt have to watch it to understand a Metroid movie.
Super Mario Bros Movie in Thailand. I got a lot of thoughts on the movie but overall I thought it was great and Jack Black was my favorite by a LOT
watching the mario movie twice but in 3d
Mario movie was really good y super funny
coworkers lookin fresh for the mario movie last week tho, i love nerds
Only way I'd see a Mario movie is if it was a feature length version of the storybook sequence from Galaxy. I do not mean some maudlin film about the story IN the book. I mean 2-3 hours of pages flipping while the same 50 second music piece loops in the background.
Mario movie great
Fun thing - Mario movie - Princess Peach sounded like Cortana's voice to me. Different voice actress, but when I looked Princess Peach used to be voiced by the same person who did Cortana from Halo. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jen_Taylor They got someone to sound like Peach, but not like Mario
I went to see the Mario movie today and have to say I was pleasently suprised with how much fun the movie was really satisfied with It, though I'm sure they Will milk to no end afterwards. The pasión for the games shrine's through and has some really funny moments
Gonna go watch the mario movie
“Peaches” from the Super Mario Brothers Movie but it’s the Burger King Whopper commercial song
If you see me at the Movie Theater watching Mario Bros… Mind yah damn business
It s me Mario 
Super Mario Bros Movie
About as out of touch as the rotten tomatoes reviews for the new Mario movie!
Wait so are these the official Barbie movie clothes???? Not fanmade? This is so exciting, the improvement is small but I’m happy to see Barbie steadily get back on her heeled feet!!!!
Finally saw the Mario movie, so a opinion write-up on my essay blog is coming soon.

On the whole I went out of it with a big smile, which already gives much of my opinion away already
Now that the Mario movie is out of my system, I can finally get my priorities straight!
They are bringing her to a cross over movie which is awesome, but fingers crossed for ms marvel season 2!
And, personally, I would have much preferred it if they went fully animated like the Mario movie instead of doing live action, and I wish they’d ditch the cop and other humans related to him, but it is what it is now and I’ve at least enjoyed the Sonic movies for what they are.
Tomorrow I'm going out to see the Mario Bros movie!!
Much excite!
#MarioBrosMovie
My switch if the movie’s Mushroom Kingdom was in Mario Odyssey
Looks like a Mega Mushroomed Monday for Mario
I haven’t seen the Mario Bros movie yet but I already have the Peaches song in my head
Mario movie was fun! Jack black voicing Bowser certainly increased his appeal to me lol. Kind of wish they used more original songs though, that certainly reminded me it was illumination who made it 
finally brave enough to say it. this is a public service announcement. super mario movie is good.
I Don't Care What The Critics Say, I Loved The Super Mario Bros. Movie, And Here's Why
MARIO MOVIE SPOILERSSS

he threatened the toads if peach said no? he also tried to kill luigi at the ceremony? misunderstood my ass /lh
Super mario movie in 1 hour let's goo
Dana for the next Mario Movie

One of the coolest guys I know
It took until the movie came out to get an ad with spike in it
Now that I've seen the Mario movie...

Is it unfair to expect more from sonic 3 now? 

Millions of people literally had to bully the studio for an accurate design and they wont even use the music except green hill, which is ironically is very consistently good.
maybe ppl just want more black va’s to get recognition ?  and a movie like super mario bros would absolutely do so
Super Mario Bros. Movie is breaking box office records
I want to see the Mario movie but I feel like it would be enhanced by dropping a tab first
i hardly know anything about mario besides the basics + i didn't get a change to watch the movie yet but hear me out: peach and bowser friendship
seated 4 mario movie 
“Going to see Mario with my aunt, you wanna come with?” “Again?” “Well she and uncle Leon haven't seen it yet and it's honestly just a really solid movie” “Idk Sel” “We're not paying” say less. I'm in
The Super Mario Bros. Movie Stokes the Flame For an Abandoned Nintendo Franchise to Return Again
Oh yeah I also bought this at Walmart a couple days ago for cheap. So cool.
A guy in my class just said he was gonna go watch a horror movie with a girl but he went "to be honessst... The Mario movie? I kinda wanna see that instead."

GET THE FUCK OUT
I hope they make a sequel, I also want to see Princess Daisy in the movie as well as Rosalina. I also want to see in the movie that those girls play sports in the outfits that the developers made in the past Mario sport games such as Princess Peach in her tennis wear for example.
Yes, at the Super Mario Bros. Movie!
From a really dull movie called Argonauts. Came out the same day as Mario in some countries. From what the trailer showed, it's the story of Jason and the Argonauts but starring small annoying critters. (It was originally in French)
They thought they could compete against Mario.
The Super Mario Bros movie is a cinematic masterpiece
Nintendo shares surge after the Mario movie’s record-breaking opening but the company is still navigating ‘uncharted territory’ amid slowing sales
15/10 would recommend the Super Mario movie
The Super Mario Bros. movie was aligned with Nintendo’s Mario games. The target demo is kids, and adults get to revisit childhood when playing/watching. Sprinkles of sarcasm, irony and “inside” adult jokes for adults is a trend they decided against. Good for them. Good for kids.
Just watched the Mario movie

Shit was awesome
A bonus of working with children is that I get to talk to them about the Mario movie
MTF mario movie raid (goated movie)
i hate horror movies n thought it was one too but it’s definitely not !!! the psychological part is there tho, n it’s a very fun movie
YAAAAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY VIC!!! 
Rate this Movie on Utternik - The Super Mario Bros. Movie https://app.utternik.com/CYGrwUhKUyb #Movie #Animation #Adventure #Family #Fantasy #Comedy #Utternik #reviews #ratings
who can make a mario video but like with game footage and shit instead of the movie since im not tryna get copyrighted
Super Mario Bros the Movie the Video Game of the Movie, Super Mario Bros the Movie
I'm watching The Super Mario Bros. Movie (2023) https://trakt.tv/movies/the-super-mario-bros-movie-2023… #TheSuperMarioBrosMovie #trakt
While I’m gushing about the Mario movie, can I say that Jack Black as Bowser definitely stole the show here?
Release The Flerken #TheMarvels
Ok y'all got me convinced I need to see this Mario movie now
On my way to the Mario movie now!
The Mario Movie is so weird, because there’s actual real people, talking about something I actually care about, it’s crazy
Schrodinger's wokeness: The Mario Movie is both woke and anti-woke depending on how much the conservative youtuber enjoyed the movie
How in the fuck have I not seen that Mario movie yet Lmao
Learn French Mario! Your take on this situation is simplistic, at best. Stop reading Politico & other rehashed opinion pieces. Clearly what he is saying & being done geopolitically is above your intelligence.